Continuing on the Define Class page,
go to the Pricing Information section.
For this section, we will leave all information as-is
since none of our products have fees in Saba.
Under the Registration Information section: Identify how many registrations the class delivery can accommodate.
Type in the Maximum participants in the Max Count field.
Select the Pick Vendor icon to view the Vendor pop up Window
and select Search to populate a vendor list.
The Vendor identifies which virtual platform
will be used for the session.
Select the Vendor that will be used
as the Virtual platform for this session.
Once the Vendor is selected, the pop-up window will close
and bring you back to the Registration Information section.
Select the Pick Customer Service Rep icon to open
the Search Person, Internal pop-up window.
The Customer Service Rep is responsible
for the details and content related to this class.
Please note that this may differ from the course owner,
as it may be a different team in charge of deliveries
and this field will be displayed on the Saba notification
that the learner receives when they register to a class.
A GD mailbox is required to be added as point of contact.
Add the beginning of the email address
in the First Name field and select Search.
In the People section, under the Select column,
select the mailbox to be added.
Once it has been selected,
the pop-up window will close,
and it will bring you back to the Registration Information section.
For the section “Allow Drop”,
you will have to select one of the following options:
By default, it is set to Yes.
Yes, this class can be dropped anytime after registration, or;
No, this class cannot be dropped after registration.
Under the Availability Information section:
Leave the Display for Call Centre and Display for learner unchecked, as the Learning Infrastructure Team will determine
with the Saba administrator if the options should be enabled
to display the class in the Saba catalog.
Add a date in the Open Enrollment date field.
Add a date in the Enrollment close on field, and;
Leave the Class Completion Reminder after
End Date (days) field to 14, set automatically by the system.
Under the Meetings Details section:
Keep the VLE Provider field as
Non Integrated VLE Provider – it must not be modified.
If you do not add the Guest attend URL hyperlink in Saba,
you must add “To follow” in each of the remaining fields.
When learners receive their registration confirmation,
this will be included in the notification
and will let learners know that
the link to the session will be sent later.
If you have the virtual URL and you want to add it,
you can add the URL in the Guest Attend URL field.
Select Finish at the bottom of the page to save your class information, the class ID will then be generated automatically.
After saving your class information, the class ID
is generated and can be found next to the Class ID field
in the Class Details section and at the end of the class title.
If a class description has been added, you must Internationalize it
by selecting the Internationalize
icon located on the upper right of the main page.
The translate pop-up window will display.
In the Locale field, use the drop-down arrow
to select the other official language you must translate.
In the Description field, erase the original description
and type the translated text in the other official language.
In the example, a description was added,
I will erase it and type it in French.
Select Save to add the translation.
The Main tab is now complete.